as a trucks have made it through to
displaced people in Gaza many of them
are saying they need the Israeli bombing
to
stop we don't want Aid we want to return
to our homes enough with the killing of
our children and slaughtering us we
can't sleep neither during day nor at
night because of the shelling and the
misery we are living in enough we do not
have patience anymore we are drained we
don't feel human
anymore I left home without taking
anything except this shirt and pants I
have on the aid they brought for us is
nothing but a small amount of what is
needed and in southern Israel
preparations are now being made for
evacuations to IAT alzer's Theresa Bo is
there for us Teresa what sort of scale
are we talking about
here well I'm here in aad this is right
next to the Red Sea this is a tourist
destination that's now been overwhelmed
with thousands and thousands of people
being evacuated to this place because
it's safer from the rockets that are
coming from Gaza you can see that
several of the shops around here are
open now there's some music playing but
still people are coming to this part of
the country mostly evacuated from the
southern part of Israel's surrounding
areas from the Gaza Strip but also from
northern uh Israel where people are
fleeing the latest fighting between
Hezbollah and the Israeli military the
government has evacuated around 200,000
people all around the country but not
everything is going as planned with
hurts lots of reports for example that
some of the evacuations were halted in
kimona that's in Northern Israel because
there were not enough hotel rooms people
were brought here and they're staying in
many of the hotels that you can see
right behind me around 60,000 people
were brought here the mayor of uh this
city is saying that they do not have any
more rooms that they need assistance
from the federal government uh they're
also saying that if people continue to
arrive here it's going to the city is
going to collapse uh they also we've
been hearing reports that there could be
a tent city not far away from where I am
right now for 60,000 people it would
have a medical facilities it would also
uh have a school for example if the
situation continues to escalate uh
Teresa you talk about potential
escalation I know tensions have already
been running High what's the mood like
on the ground there
now well there's lots of Enon on the
ground not specifically here because
it's considered to be a safe area but
people are still afraid they're still
angry they're still in shock about what
happened we've been talking to many of
them and many support a ground Invasion
with Gaza they want the Israeli
government to be done with Hamas with
the Islamic Jihad among others but at
the same time earlier today we were in
some centers where they're Distributing
clothes to those who had to flee they
had left everything behind and they're
living here right now and also there's a
sense sentiment that some people do want
peace they're saying that it's time for
something different to happen in Israel
I think that what's extremely
interesting that is happening here is
that the Israeli government is trying to
keep the morale High uh they're trying
to tell people that they're going to win
this war that this situation is going to
be over soon but when you talk to people
on the ground nobody knows exactly
whether that will happen they feel
afraid they feel threatened and many are
saying and many have told us actually
that they blame president Benjamin
Teresa Bo there on the ground for us
with the latest from ISAT thank you
Teresa